{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15980\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 By: Patrick Costa\
Copyright: 2014\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f1 \cf0 It was a cold evening, the kind of cold evening that turns bones into icicles. Wind that whips down the vacant street, overturning boxes and other detritus of society. After stepping out of the cab, I hike my collar and walk into my favorite bar, Sal\'92s Place.  I pull-up a stool and I ask the bartender, Sal for a Tom Collins. Tom Collins, one of those kinds of drinks, a man wants when he seeks the God of Gin. I turn around in my stool and swish my glass, letting the ice clunk against the side. \
\
I am waiting for someone to walk through that door. Someone special, a client. You see I am a private detective and I received a frantic phone call from someone asking me to meet to inquire about my services in hunting down cheating husbands. \
\
Normally, I don\'92t go for such bottom-feeding tripe, but I was hard-up for cash and she sounded cute over the phone. After dunking down two Tom Collins, I glance at my watch and realize this dame is 15 minutes late. I motion to Sal to give me another. As he prepares it, I notice a man with a dark mustache, about 5\'924, wearing a dark black coat and one of those rabbit-fur-lined Russian hats, staring at me intensely, as if he can see the ticking of my soul. \
}